Clarify 'guests prefer more/less intense rides' settings (#23937)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Feature: [#23774] Climates can now be customised using objects.
- Feature: [#23876] New park save files now contain a preview image, shown in the load/save window.
- Change: [#23932] The land rights window now checks 'Land Owned' by default.

> - Change: [#23936] The 'guests prefer less/more intense rides' settings have been turned into a dropdown.

Reviewer: Typewriter quote usage.
```suggestion
- Change: [#23936] The ‘guests prefer less/more intense rides’ settings have been turned into a dropdown.
```
